Add screenOrientation configuration via metadata (#63)
rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs: cargo-apk/README.md

# Defaults to [3, 1]
opengles_version = [3, 0]

# Sets the applications screenOrientation.
# See https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/activity-element

> # and look for `a`ndroid:screenOrientation` for possible values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# and look for `android:screenOrientation` for possible values
```
